Dual-porosity models treat fractures and matrix blocks as separate but
Fixed first- and second-order transfer laws reproduce different parts
Aquitard leakage supplies an additional water source to the fracture
Fracture and lumped-matrix drawdown equations linked by Gamma
A generalized transfer term Gamma controlled by weight omega
Scaled equations containing SD, CD, gamma D, sigma D, and KD
Laplace identities for nonlinear powers and derivative products
The algebraic relation between matrix and fracture drawdown smD equals
A radial fracture equation containing only transformed fracture
Laplace-domain fracture and matrix drawdown in Equations 17 and 18
Time-domain dual-porosity drawdown and transfer flux
A finite radial coordinate and Kelvin-transformed fracture equation
Finite-element fracture drawdown over the finite radial mesh
Paired temporal drawdown curves at 1, 5, and 10 m
Verification of the analytical derivation across the sampled distances
Weight-dependent matrix-to-fracture flux and fracture and matrix
Time-resolved sensitivity curves for Kf, Ssf, Ssm, sigma Km, gamma,
Three fitted parameter sets including generalized-model omega equal to
The generalized model's lower reported SEE, ME, AIC, and BIC values
The generalized model's smallest reported SEE, ME, AIC, and BIC values
For the two tested pumping records, the generalized model fits